Updating cognitiveservices-luis-runtime SDK (#4791)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/cognitiveservices/cognitiveservices-luis-runtime/README.md

const predictionRequest = {
  query: "testquery",
  options: {
    datetimeReference: new Date(),
    overridePredictions: true
  },
  externalEntities: [
    {
      entityName: "testentityName",
      startIndex: 1,
      entityLength: 1,
      resolution: {}
    }
  ],
  dynamicLists: [
    {
      listEntityName: "testlistEntityName",
      requestLists: [
        {
          name: "testname",
          canonicalForm: "testcanonicalForm",
          synonyms: ["testsynonyms"]
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
};
const verbose = true;
const showAllIntents = true;

client.prediction
  .getVersionPrediction(appId, versionId, predictionRequest, { verbose, showAllIntents })
  .then((result) => {
    console.log("The result is:");
    console.log(result);
  })
  .catch((err) => {
    console.error(err);
  });
```

#### browser - Authentication, client creation and getVersionPrediction prediction as an example written in JavaScript.

##### Install @azure/ms-rest-azure-js

```bash
npm install @azure/ms-rest-azure-js
```

##### Sample code

- index.html

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>@azure/cognitiveservices-luis-runtime sample</title>

>     <script src="node_modules/@azure/ms-rest-azure-js/dist/cognitiveServicesCredentials.js"></script>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <script src="node_modules/@azure/ms-rest-js/dist/msRest.browser.js"></script>
```

The `@azure/ms-rest-azure-js` package does not have a browser bundle and I have logged https://github.com/Azure/ms-rest-azure-js/issues/126 to track this issue.

Until that issue is fixed, we can use the `ApiKeyCredentials` from `@azure/ms-rest-js` instead.

    <script src="node_modules/@azure/cognitiveservices-luis-runtime/dist/cognitiveservices-luis-runtime.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript">
      let authoringKey = process.env["luis-authoring-key"];

>       const creds = new CognitiveServicesCredentials(authoringKey);

Reviewer: Since the `@azure/ms-rest-azure-js` package does not have a browser bundle yet, we should use the `ApiKeyCredentials` from `@azure/ms-rest-js` instead.

```suggestion
      const creds = new ApiKeyCredentials({ inHeader: { 'Ocp-Apim-Subscription-Key': authoringKey } });
```

      // check the following link to find your region
      // https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/luis/luis-reference-regions
      const region = "<your-region>";

>       const client = new LUISRuntimeClient(

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      const client = new Azure.CognitiveservicesLuisRuntime.LUISRuntimeClient(
```

#### nodejs - Authentication, client creation and getVersionPrediction prediction as an example written in TypeScript.

##### Install @azure/ms-rest-azure-js

```bash
npm install @azure/ms-rest-azure-js
```

##### Sample code

```typescript
import { CognitiveServicesCredentials } from "@azure/ms-rest-azure-js";
import { LUISRuntimeClient } from "@azure/cognitiveservices-luis-runtime";

> let subscriptionId = "<luis-authoring-key>";

Reviewer: Is `subscriptionId` the right name to use here?
I know that all Cognitive Services will be using the `CognitiveServicesCredentials` which in turn refers to this as `subscriptionKey`.

Which of the 2 makes more sense?

Reviewer: @chrishmsft What are your thoughts here?

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest 'Subscription Key' to be consistent with all of the other Cognitive Services. We do call this key the 'authoring key' in luis.ai portal so both will be a little inconsistent.

const creds = new CognitiveServicesCredentials(subscriptionId);

> const client = new LUISRuntimeClient(creds, "https://westus.api.cognitive.microsoft.com/");

Reviewer: Should we add a comment here for user to replace with the endpoint that corresponds to their region?

Author: Yes, I added the comment.

> const appId = "ec7b1657-199d-4d8a-bbb2-89a11a42e02a"; // replace this with your appId.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const appId = "<your-app-id>";
```

> const versionId = "0.1"; // This is the first versionId, replace it with yours.

Reviewer: What does "first versionId" mean?

Author: I mean the initial versionId. By default when you create a luis application, the versionId will be 0.1.

#### nodejs - Authentication, client creation and getVersionPrediction prediction as an example written in TypeScript.

##### Install @azure/ms-rest-azure-js

```bash
npm install @azure/ms-rest-azure-js
```

##### Sample code

```typescript
import { CognitiveServicesCredentials } from "@azure/ms-rest-azure-js";
import { LUISRuntimeClient } from "@azure/cognitiveservices-luis-runtime";

let subscriptionId = "<luis-authoring-key>";
const creds = new CognitiveServicesCredentials(subscriptionId);

// change "westus" in the endpoint url based on your region, check the following link
// https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/luis/luis-reference-regions
const client = new LUISRuntimeClient(creds, "https://westus.api.cognitive.microsoft.com/");

const appId = "<your-app-id>"; // replace this with your appId.

> const versionId = "0.1"; // This is the default version ID after creating new luis application.

Reviewer: Does the below make sense?

```suggestion
const versionId = "0.1"; // Version of your luis application. Initial value will be 0.1
```

#### nodejs - Authentication, client creation and getVersionPrediction prediction as an example written in TypeScript.

##### Install @azure/ms-rest-azure-js

```bash
npm install @azure/ms-rest-azure-js
```

##### Sample code

```typescript
import { CognitiveServicesCredentials } from "@azure/ms-rest-azure-js";
import { LUISRuntimeClient } from "@azure/cognitiveservices-luis-runtime";

let authoringKey = process.env["luis-authoring-key"];
const creds = new CognitiveServicesCredentials(authoringKey);

// check the following link to find your region
// https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/luis/luis-reference-regions
const region = "<your-region>"
const client = new LUISRuntimeClient(creds, "https://"+ region +".api.cognitive.microsoft.com/");

const appId = "<your-app-id>"; // replace this with your appId.

> const versionId = "0.1"; // replace with version of your luis application. Initial value will be 0.1

Reviewer: Please make sure to update the browser sample as well

- [Microsoft Azure SDK for Javascript](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js)

> ![Impressions](https://azure-sdk-impressions.azurewebsites.net/api/impressions/azure-sdk-for-js/sdk/README.png)

Reviewer: Did this change come from the auto-generated code?

Author: It's auto-generated. all codes except in the README are auto-generated.

Reviewer: @scbedd Looping you in here as you last worked on impressions. I believe this change is not what we want. Can you confirm?

Reviewer: I have talked to @scbedd offline.
This needs to be fixed in the code generator, but meanwhile for now, please manually change this line to match what is in the master branch 

```suggestion
![Impressions](https://azure-sdk-impressions.azurewebsites.net/api/impressions/azure-sdk-for-js/sdk/cognitiveservices/cognitiveservices-luis-runtime/README.png)
```
